However, I wanted to join the meeting,
however, I was caught in traffic.
On the other hand, he likes working
alone, on the other hand, teamwork is
often required in this role.
Nonetheless, she was exhausted,
nonetheless, she continued working.
Nevertheless, it was raining heavily,
nevertheless, they went for a walk.
Despite this, he had little experience.
Despite this, he was given the project.
In contrast, the city is always bustling,
in contrast to the quiet countryside.
Even so, it was a long day, even so, he
went out to dinner with friends.
Alternatively, you can go by train,
alternatively, there is a bus service.
While, she enjoys reading while he
prefers watching movies.
Whereas, some prefer a steady routine,
whereas others thrive on change.
Yet, it's a simple idea, yet it's hard to execute.
Conversely, the South experiences a wet
season, conversely, the North is usually dry.
Although, although he was tired, he
decided to finish the report.
Even though, even though she knew the
answer, she hesitated to respond.
Be that as it may, be that as it may, we
still need a solution.
At the same time, I was thrilled to get
the job, at the same time, I felt nervous
about the new role.
On the contrary, I thought it would be
difficult, on the contrary, it was quite simple.
In spite of, in spite of the challenges,
she excelled in her role, rather than, he
chose to relax rather than work on his project.
Nonetheless, the project faced many
challenges, nonetheless, it was completed
on time.
Regardless, she decided to continue with
her plan, regardless of the difficulties.
In any case, we might be late, but in any
case, we'll try to get there as soon as possible.
Albeit, the company reported a profit,
albeit a small one.
Though, he worked hard, though he was not
feeling well.
While this may be true, there are other
factors to consider.
Contrary to, contrary to popular belief,
not all cats dislike water.
Whereas, John loves hiking, whereas his
brother prefers cycling.
In comparison,
In comparison to last year, this year's
sales have increased significantly.
Despite, she achieved great results
despite facing many obstacles.
Therefore, the weather forecast predicts
rain, therefore, the event has been postponed.
As a result, she studied hard for weeks,
as a result, she passed the exam.
Consequently, the team failed to meet the
deadline and, consequently, lost the contract.
Hence, he forgot his keys at home, hence,
he was locked out.
Thus, they didn't prepare for the
meeting, thus, it was less productive.
Due to, the flight was delayed due to bad weather.
For this reason, she was unable to attend
the meeting and for this reason, she sent
an email update.
So that, he studied extra hours so that
he could pass the exam.
Owing to, owing to the high demand, the
product sold out quickly.
In order to, she saved money in order to
buy a new car.
Accordingly, the market shifted and
accordingly, they adjusted their strategy.
That's why, she missed her bus, that's
why she was late.
On account of, they stayed indoors on
account of the storm.
With this in mind, the team prioritized
efficiency, with this in mind when
designing the project.
For this purpose, they hired a specialist
for this purpose.
To this end, to this end, they allocated
more resources to research.
In consequence, in consequence of his
actions, he was promoted, resulting in,
the heavy rains flooded the area,
resulting in road closures.
Because of, they canceled the picnic
because of the rain.
In light of this, in light of this
information, we should reconsider our approach.
For instance, some animals are quite
intelligent, for instance, dolphins can
learn complex tasks.
For example, there are many ways to
improve your health, for example, regular
exercise and a balanced diet.
To illustrate, to illustrate this point,
consider the following scenario, such as,
she enjoys outdoor activities such as
hiking and biking.
As an illustration, as an illustration,
think of a tree growing towards the light.
In particular, he enjoys classical music,
in particular, the works of Mozart.
Including, the trip includes activities
such as kayaking, hiking and birdwatching.
Namely, three cities were chosen, mainly
New York, London and Tokyo.
Specifically, she was looking for
specifically designed shoes for running.
In the case of, in the case of an
emergency, please follow the evacuation plan.
Consider the following, consider the
following example to better understand
the concept.
Take, for example, take, for example, the
way technology has changed communication.
A prime example is, a prime example is
the rapid rise of smartphone usage.
As seen in, the effectiveness of this
strategy is evident, as seen in last
quarter's results.
This can be seen in, this can be seen in
the way they approach their projects.
By way of illustration, by way of
illustration, let's look at a recent
study on climate change.
This is illustrated by, this is
illustrated by the number of successful
projects completed last year.
To give an example, to give an example,
she cited several successful companies.
One example is, one example is the impact
of education on community health.
In this case, in this case, we should
proceed with caution.
Moreover, the program is affordable,
moreover, it provides quality resources.
Furthermore, she has strong communication
skills, furthermore, she's an excellent
team player.
In addition, in addition to his role, he
also volunteers with local charities.
Besides, she's very talented, besides,
she's dedicated.
As well as, the event includes workshops
as well as networking sessions.
Along with, along with his regular
duties, he also manages the team's budget.
And also, he studied law and also worked
part -time.
Likewise, the new policy affects
students, likewise, it impacts teachers.
Plus, the job is interesting, plus it
offers great benefits.
Similarly, similarly, both species share
common features.
What's more, the apartment is spacious,
what's more, it's close to public transportation.
Not only, but also, she is not only
intelligent, but also very kind.
Equally important, equally important is
the need for community involvement.
In the same vein, in the same vein, other
studies support these findings.
Together with, she works together with
her team to achieve their goals.
Additionally, additionally, they plan to
launch a new product next quarter.
On top of that, the restaurant is
affordable, on top of that, the food is
excellent, plus the fact that the program
is appealing, plus the fact that it's free.
Correspondingly, the budget increased and
correspondingly, so did the scope of the project.
Apart from, apart from his studies, he
also plays the violin.
In conclusion, in conclusion, the results
of the study are promising.
To sum up, to sum up, we recommend
continuing the project.
In summary, in summary, the benefits far
outweigh the costs.
All in all, all in all, it was a
successful event.
Ultimately, ultimately, the decision is
up to you.
In the end, in the end, everything turned
out well, as can be seen, as can be seen
from the data, sales have increased.
To wrap up, to wrap up, let's review the
main points.
To bring it all together, to bring it all
together, we should consider every option.
Overall, overall, the team performed well.
On the whole, on the whole, the project
was a success.
In short, in short, it was a productive
meeting, taking everything into account,
taking everything into account, we
believe this is the best course of action.
Thus, thus, we should proceed with the plan.
As a final point, as a final point,
remember to submit your reports by Monday.
All things considered, all things
considered, it's been a good year.
In a nutshell, in a nutshell, the project
was a success.
In essence, in essence, we aim to provide
quality service.
To conclude, to conclude, we've seen
significant improvements.
Finally, finally, let's discuss the next steps.
First, first, let's review the objectives.
Second, second, we'll address any questions.
Third, third, we'll focus on the implementation.
Next, next, we need to confirm the details.
Then, then, we'll proceed with the plan.
After that, after that, we'll conduct a review.
Subsequently, subsequently, the team
analyzed the results.
Previously, previously, we had
encountered similar issues.
Finally, finally, the project was
completed on time.
Meanwhile, the kids were playing outside.
Meanwhile, the adults prepared dinner.
In the meantime, the report is being finalized.
In the meantime, let's review the
previous findings.
At the same time, she was studying for
her exams.
At the same time, she worked part -time.
Simultaneously, the fireworks exploded in
the sky and music played simultaneously
in the background.
Following this, following this meeting,
we will send out the updated agenda.
Before, before you leave, make sure to
turn off the lights.
Afterward, we had dinner and afterward,
we went for a walk.
At last, after many delays, the project
was at last completed.
Earlier, she arrived earlier than
expected, surprising everyone.
Eventually, after weeks of hard work, she
eventually completed the project.
By the time, by the time he arrived, the
show had already started.
If, if it rains tomorrow, we'll have to
cancel the picnic.
Unless, you won't succeed unless you put
in the effort.
Provided that, you can go out provided
that you finish your homework first.
As long as, you can borrow my car as long
as you return it by tonight.
Only if, I will attend the party only if
you go with me.
Even if, I will support you even if
others don't.
Assuming that, assuming that the weather
is good, we will go hiking.
On the condition that, I will help you on
the condition that you keep your promise.
Given that, given that he has the
experience, he should lead the project.
In case, take an umbrella in case it rains.
Supposing, supposing you win the lottery,
what would you do with the money?
In the event that, in the event that the
meeting is cancelled, I will notify everyone.
Otherwise, we need to leave now,
otherwise, we will be late.
Should.
Should you need assistance, feel free to ask.
In such a case, in such a case, we will
need to adjust our plans.
If not, we can go to the park, if not, we
can stay home and watch a movie.
On condition.
You can stay out late on condition that
you call me when you get home, provided.
I will lend you the book, provided you
return it by next week.
If so, let me know if you're interested,
if so, I can give you more details.
In any circumstance, in any circumstance,
safety is our top priority.
I believe, I believe that everyone
deserves a second chance.
In my opinion, in my opinion, teamwork is
essential for success.
Personally, personally, I prefer to work
in a quiet environment.
To my mind, to my mind, the decision was
a mistake.
From my perspective, from my perspective,
we need to reconsider our approach.
I feel that, I feel that communication is
key to a healthy relationship.
As far as I'm concerned, as far as I'm
concerned, this issue needs immediate attention.
I would argue that, I would argue that
education is the foundation of society.
It seems to me, it seems to me that we
are making progress.
I am convinced that, I am convinced that
hard work leads to success.
I think, I think we should try a
different strategy.
To the best of my knowledge, to the best
of my knowledge, the project is on schedule.
In my view, in my view, everyone should
have access to quality healthcare.
My impression is that, my impression is
that the team is feeling more confident.
I hold the view that, I hold the view
that technology can enhance education.
I strongly believe, I strongly believe in
the importance of mental health awareness.
I am of the opinion that, I am of the
opinion that collaboration fosters innovation.
It is my firm belief, it is my firm
belief that kindness goes a long way.
Others claim that, others claim that
social media can be detrimental to mental health.
Some argue that, some argue that the
benefits of technology outweigh the risks.
There is a school of thought that, there
is a school of thought that emphasizes
the role of nature in education.
Critics argue that, critics argue that
the new policy could harm the environment.
On the flip side, on the flip side,
increased automation could lead to job losses.
Opponents believe, opponents believe that
the changes will negatively impact small businesses.